Merle: The Dragon
Knight is approaching.
His Aura is full of wrath...
And he's close!
Baran's found us?
Crocodine: It seems so.
The crests.
They're connected by them.
Soon enough... He will
reach this castle.
We must ready our defenses.
Yes, indeed.
Crocodine; I'm with you.
We'll prepare what we can.
Madam Nabara and Merle
will stay here with Dai.
Crocodine:
It's too dangerous.
Remember what
happened last time?
You cannot fight Baran alone.
You're going to need
my Healing-type spells.
Crocodine: Very well, then.
You're not one to be
talked out of your decisions.
Yes, exactly. Now.
Let's get going.
Nabara, Merle, Listen;
You can't let Dai out of
his cell, no matter what.
What is it, miss?
Hey! Wh-what are you doing?
Stand still.
Huh? What is this thing?!
A weapon. Use it to
defend yourself.
Defend myself?
Isn't it obvious?
You use this... to fight.
No, I can't. It's too scary.
Dai: Please, miss.
Take it back!
Listen, I've told you before.
You're a Hero, Dai!
You're small, but... you're
brave, and bright, and sincere.
That's what the
real you is like.
But, this "cowardly"
you isn't a Hero...
And it's not...
who you are!
But that's... not true.
How could I possibly
ever be a hero?
And besides, if we just wait,
someone will come to protect me.
[worried breaths]
Crocodine [thought]: He
instinctively senses that
Baran is his father after all.
You're wrong.
That's the enemy!
What?
It's true.
He's the one...
who took all of your
precious memories of us.
He's terrible!
You should not be happy
that he's coming to find you.
Princess...
You have to fight it, Dai!
Fight to regain what was yours
-your memories, your courage.
Courage...
C'mon, Crocodine.
Crocodine: Understood.
Come to... think of it...
Dai: Maybe... something
like this... happened before.
So you aren't quite dead.
Well, I won't finish you off.
You can bleed out wallowing
in shame, and regret.
The boy, Dino, is
still to be reclaimed.
I must hurry to
assist Master Baran.
Hyunckel [thought]: "Dino"?
Does he mean Dai?
Why... Do you still
bother to resist?
Father or not... I can't...
let him take... Dai.
Hyunckel: He is...
He is...
The last hope for all humans
still living in this world!
[scoff]
Nonsense.
The filthy humans
of this realm...
don't deserve any
kind of savior.
What?!
Larhart: You know what?
I shall tell
you before you die.
The reason why... Master Baran
hates humans so much...
is because the only
woman he ever loved,
the mother of young
master Dino...
was murdered by humans!
The ones who... killed
Dai's mother... were human?
Why would they...
Just who was this woman?!
Now, you see, normally,
only one Dragon Knight
can exist at a time.
All of heaven and earth...
Can be shaped by their will.
Therefore, only
one in a generation
may possess this gift.
When a Dragon
Knight's life ends,
the Holy Mother Dragon appears.
It is said that
she caringly cradles
the battle-weary knight...
And having fulfilled it's duty,
the Dragon Crest is passed on
to the life force the Mother
Dragon carries within her.
She then travels to
a distant land
and gives birth
to a new knight.
The humans there
will worship the child
as a divine being and
raise it as their own.
And when the knight
is fully grown,
it will awaken to it's duty.
Thus, no Dragon Knight ever
knows parent or offspring.
They are destined to a life
of never-ending battle.
But something changed...
in Baran's generation.
Fifteen years ago...
[screaming]
Larhart: When Hadlar
laid waste to the world,
the Dragon Knight
did not appear.
It was a human Hero who
defeated the Dark Lord.
Avan...
Larhart: At the time,
Master Baran was fighting
an even greater threat.
For it is a
Dragon Knight's duty
to punish those who disrupt
the balance of the world.
Compared to the danger of
Velzar, King of the Abyss,
who was the last
intelligent dragon
seeking to
conquer this world,
even Hadlar was trivial
enough to be ignored.
Master Baran vanquished
Velzar and his kin,
but was mortally
wounded in the process.
So with the last
of his strength,
he journeyed to the
Fountain of Miracles,
a place of legend
where it's said that
Dragon Knights can be healed.
I was close...
Here, drink this.
They say that it will heal all
kinds of wounds and sickness.
A human woman?
Larhart: That was how Master
Baran and Lady Soala first met.
Weary from battle,
the Dragon Knight found
the sun in Lady Soala.
Eventually, love
blossomed between them.
Soala was the princess
of Alkeed Kingdom,
and when Master Baran
visited the palace,
the two grew even closer.
But there were vassals
who found this displeasing.
They couldn't stand
the thought of a stranger
winning claim to the throne.
Chief Vassal: Your Majesty,
there are rumors that
the knight is not human.
W-What now?
He may... have even
served the Dark Lord.
Larhart: With the fear of
Hadlar still in recent memory,
the humans banished
Master Baran.
Soala...
It would seem as though...
life with a human was
never meant for me.
My time with you
was a happy one.
Farewell.
Baran.
Stop. Please...
Don't leave us.
"Us"? You're saying-
Soala, are you... with child?
Can it be?
That this
bloodstained slayer,
the Dragon Knight,
truly sired a child?
And so that child...
Is young Dino.
Hyunckel [thought]:
Then Dai is the offspring of
a Dragon Knight and a human?
At first, they lived quietly,
deep in the forests of Teran.
Baran: Soala, what
shall we name him?
How about Dino?
It means "Strong Dragon,"
in the Alkeed language.
That's good... little Dino!
The dragon!
Soala: Oh, dear...
-[crying]
-[laughing]
Don't worry, Dino.
That was scary, wasn't it?
Larhart: But the humans...
did not let them enjoy
their days of peace for long.
A monster kidnapping
their princess
would shame their country.
Enraged, the king
hunted them down
and had them surrounded
in their own home.
Dai: [crying]
My love...
Baran [thought]:
I mustn't go too far here.
Larhart: Master Baran
made his decision.
Soala: Wait, my love!
I surrender.
But... no harm will
come to Soala or my son.
All right.
He is a monster's spawn,
but he's my grandson.
Still, he cannot stay here,
I shall send him
to a foreign land.
Larhart: Master Baran allowed
the Alkeed soldiers
to take him prisoner...
And Master Dino was
taken from Lady Soala,
and sent to a faraway land.
Chief Vassal: You are
sentenced to death!
The sentence will
now be passed!
Baran [thought]:
Soala... Dino...
May you find happiness.
Fire!
Soala: No!
[shocked gasps]
Soala?
Soala...
Soala!
M-My... love...
No, why?
Why... Why would you do this?
I... couldn't bear...
to see my...
my father and the
others... continue...
with such awful cruelty.
Soala...
Soala: But... Please
don't hate the humans.
They're all just scared.
Baran: Enough. Don't speak!
P-Please...
Dino...
Go and find him...
And then live...
together in... peace...
Soala?
[heartbroken sobbing]
Soala!
How foolish.
To die for a monster?!
What a disgrace!
Her, a disgrace?
Just who do
you think you are?
Begone, humans! Begone!
Larhart: Alkeed Kingdom
vanished from this world.
What horribly pathetic
and selfish creatures.
And to think that I
once fought...
the King of the Abyss
to protect those swine.
If I knew humans
were such filth...
I would have
let Velzar have them.
Master Baran searched
around the world,
but he could never find Dino.
Apparently, the ship
was lost at sea.
It was in his deepest despair,
that the Dark King
Vearn approached him.
He agreed that humanity
should be destroyed for good.
I'm the only one Master Baran
has ever told this sad tale.
What? You'll still fight?
Hyunckel: Larhart,
you are indeed powerful.
I doubt I even have the
strength left to stand.
But, after hearing that story,
I know that I have
to get back up.
For Dai... and for Baran!
For Master Baran?
I know... very
well how he feels.
What?!
Hyunckel: I, too, once lost
faith in the human world.
I sold my soul
to the Dark Army,
and sought to
destroy everything.
But then I realized...
No, my friends
made me realize...
That there is... still hope
left for the human world.
And so now,
My duty...
Is to help Baran see it.
Help him see the truth...
What could you possibly know?
You think that
my master's pain...
is something so light that
you can help him lift it?!
Don't make me laugh!
But how? I aimed
straight for your heart.
I can see through
your attacks.
You what?
Hyunckel: To be honest,
while I was dealing with you,
I was saving my
energy to fight Baran.
That's why...
Whenever you attacked,
or got close,
I was strictly focused
on keeping my distance.
Until now.
It makes no difference to me
whether you manage to
land an attack or not.
And that freedom is
what allows me to dodge...
any of your fatal blows!
You bastard!
[furious roar]
[roaring]
Where did...
this strength come from?!
And you're faster now, as well!
It's the power a human
wields when risking his life!
Larhart: I won't accept that!
[pained groan]
It was wise of you to
bring the fight in so close.
But once distance is gained,
a sword cannot beat a spear.
I highly doubt you have
the energy to even move.
I could end this with
a single thrust...
But that won't
satisfy my anger!
Hyunckel [thought]:
His Sunder Claw...
Feel the sting of...
my claw once more.
As punishment for
your foolishness...
die a painful death!
Sunder Claw!
Gotcha.
Looks like...
You fell for my final
life-risking trap!
What?!
Hyunckel:
Take a good look at
the Aura that our
weapons create!
What - a cross?!
Hyunckel: Grand Cross!
Larhart [thought]:
Impossible...
[defeated roar]
Larhart [thought]: He was hiding
a weapon charged with his Aura?!
But he was
completely defenseless!
Wh-Where did you hide...
such a weapon?!
This was... the only
thing that I had left.
T-That... flimsy...
little chain?
This chain...
will not break.
It's a symbol,
of the bond...
Between the
Disciples of Avan!
The bond...
Using... that Grand Cross
is going to leave me...
weak for a... while.
You're...
You're... still alive?
All right. This time
I'll go right for your head.
[grim chuckle]
Not so fast.
Hyunckel: Popp!
Borahorn: Drop your weapon.
Otherwise, he's the one
who'll lose his head.
You scoundrel!
[pained scream]
Let him go!
Narrator: After
a fierce battle,
Larhart entrusts Hyunckel
and Popp with a final wish.
Meanwhile, Baran
arrives at Teran Castle,
And Crocodine risks it all
to face the Dragon Master...
But soon Baran reveals the true
power of his grief and fury.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Baran's Rage".